docs/sync.md, before:

# `/sync` Command 🔄

## Description

The `/sync` command synchronizes slash commands to make them available in the Discord interface. This is necessary when commands are added, removed, or modified in the bot's code.

## Usage

```
/sync [target]
```

## Parameters

- `target` - Where to sync commands (default: "guild")
  - `guild` - Syncs commands to the current server only (immediate effect)
  - `global` - Syncs commands globally to all servers (can take up to an hour to propagate)

## Examples

Sync commands to the current server:
```
/sync guild
```

Sync commands globally:
```
/sync global
```

## Permissions Required

- Server Administrator permissions
- OR Bot Owner status

## Notes

- Guild syncing is recommended for testing new commands as changes appear immediately
- Global syncing affects all servers where the bot is installed but takes longer to propagate
- This command is essential after adding new cogs or updating command definitions

## Related Commands

- [`/list`](list.md) - Lists all available and loaded cogs
- [`/load`](load.md) - Loads a specified cog
- [`/reload`](reload.md) - Reloads a specified cog

Commit message:

Fix command syncing in main.py to not sync on startup

docs/sync.md, after:

# `/sync` Command 🔄

## Description

The `/sync` command synchronizes slash commands to make them available in the Discord interface. This is necessary when commands are added, removed, or modified in the bot's code, and **must be run after the bot starts** since commands are not automatically synced on startup.

## Usage

```
/sync [target]
```

## Parameters

- `target` - Where to sync commands (default: "guild")
  - `guild` - Syncs commands to the current server only (immediate effect)
  - `global` - Syncs commands globally to all servers (can take up to an hour to propagate)

## Examples

Sync commands to the current server:
```
/sync guild
```

Sync commands globally:
```
/sync global
```

## Permissions Required

- Server Administrator permissions
- OR Bot Owner status

## Notes

- **Important**: Commands are not automatically synced on bot startup - you must use this command after starting the bot
- Guild syncing is recommended for testing new commands as changes appear immediately
- Global syncing affects all servers where the bot is installed but takes longer to propagate
- This command is essential after adding new cogs or updating command definitions
- If the bot appears online but slash commands aren't working, this command needs to be run

## Related Commands

- [`/list`](list.md) - Lists all available and loaded cogs
- [`/load`](load.md) - Loads a specified cog
- [`/reload`](reload.md) - Reloads a specified cog
